AMOGH MAKAM  San Ramon, CA   |   925-819-8725   |   amoghdmakam@gmail.com  SUMMARY  Data Science candidate with hands-on experience in Python, SQL, and data modeling from a Data Analyst internship at Humans in  Space. Proven ability to analyze large datasets and develop actionable insights across diverse projects. Demonstrated strong analytical  skills and effective coordination through technical events and tutoring, aligning well with the goals of automating report generation and  self-service analytics.  SKILLS AND INTERESTS  •   Technical Skills :   Python ,   SQL ,   R ,   Java ,   HTML/CSS ,   Prompt Engineering (Vertex AI) ,   Generative AI (text + multimodal)  •   Analytical & Data Skills :   Data Analysis ,   Large Datasets ,   Analytical Mindset  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  ACM(SJSU CS Club)   Aug 2025 - Present  Event Lead  •   Coordinated and organized speaker events, company networking sessions, hackathons, and technical workshops.  •   Oversaw event logistics to ensure smooth execution and high-quality experiences for participants.  Humans in Space   Jun 2023 - Aug 2023  Data Analyst Intern  •   Analyzed large datasets using Python and SQL to identify trends in patient data related to musculoskeletal injuries, enabling specialists  to derive actionable insights.  •   Developed predictive data models to forecast patient recovery times, dedicating 50+ hours to refine analytical techniques and optimize  forecasting accuracy.  Silicon Valley4u   Feb 2021 - Nov 2023  Tutor  •   Taught Python to 5+ elementary and middle school students per week to foster an early interest in STEM and computer science.  •   Developed a framework of lesson plans to cover various coding concepts and topics.  •   Communicated weekly with the organization and students to schedule classes, provide feedback, and assess progress.  EDUCATION  San Jose State University  Data Science  •   GPA:   3.87  •   Coursework:   DSA, Big Data, Applied Probability & Stats, Statistical Programming(R), Discrete Math, Linear Algebra  PROJECTS  Financial Market Analyst MVP   Jul 2025 - Sep 2025  •   Built an AI-powered pipeline that scraped financial data (news, SEC filings, earnings PDFs), stored embeddings in FAISS, and applied  RAG (LangChain + OpenAI) to generate insights.  •   Automated daily financial briefs using CrewAI agents for scraping, retrieval, and summarization, delivered via text/Slack.  •   Tech Stack: Python, PyMuPDF, FAISS, LangChain, OpenAI API, CrewAI, APScheduler.  VOLUNTEER WORK  Under 19 USA Cricket (West Zone Representative)  •   Lead bowler in the spin-bowling department.  •   Navigated through the opponents batsmen and got them out in order for team success and victory.  •   I have over 9 years of experience.  •   Experienced many ups-and-downs, learned the value of determination, patience, and the ability to perform under any condition.  Heart to Heart Foundation   Jul 2023 - Sep 2023  Volunteer Initiative  •   Hosted Sunil Gavaskar(Internationally famous retired Cricket Player) at my house to fundraise for kids who suffer from congenital  heart defects.  •   Fundraised $35,000 for nonprofit through conducting outreach to 500+ individuals, which led to sponsoring 14 free surgeries for kids  in underdeveloped areas.  •   Coordinated all logistics (communication, catering, and timing) to put on a successful event for 80+ attendees.